[𝐅𝐑𝐄𝐄 𝐑𝐄𝐒𝐎𝐔𝐑𝐂𝐄𝐒 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 𝐏𝐄𝐍𝐓𝐄𝐒𝐓]

Docker is a platform that utilizes container technology to automate the deployment of applications, ensuring consistent performance across diverse environments, facilitating portability, efficiency, version control, and orchestration for scalable and isolated application deployment.
Docker can have security issues, including vulnerabilities in container images, misconfigurations, and potential risks associated with shared kernel resources.

👉 𝗪𝗛𝗔𝗧 𝗜𝗦 𝗗𝗢𝗖𝗞𝗘𝗥?
🌟 Docker Overview on Docker docs
https://docs.docker.com/get-started/overview/

🌟 What is Docker and How it works on Simplilearn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOTqprHv1YE

🌟Linux Containers - Basic concepts by Lucian Carata
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WdByuxWgayPb-RstO-XaENSqVPGP7h6t3GS6W4jk4tk/htmlpresent

👉 𝗗𝗢𝗖𝗞𝗘𝗥 𝗣𝗘𝗡𝗧𝗘𝗦𝗧 & 𝗦𝗘𝗖𝗨𝗥𝗜𝗧𝗬
🌟My pentips about Docker on C.S by G.B
https://csbygb.gitbook.io/pentips/web-pentesting/docker-exploitation 

🌟 Docker vulnerabilities on CVE Details
https://www.cvedetails.com/vulnerability-list/vendor_id-13534/product_id-28125/Docker-Docker.html 

🌟Privilege Escalation via Docker by Chris Foster
https://fosterelli.co/privilege-escalation-via-docker

🌟The dirty COW kernel exploit
https://github.com/dirtycow/dirtycow.github.io

🌟 Breaking out of Docker via runC - CVE-2019-5736 by Yuval Avrahami
https://unit42.paloaltonetworks.com/breaking-docker-via-runc-explaining-cve-2019-5736/

🌟Understanding Docker container escapes by Dominik Czarnota on trailofbits
https://blog.trailofbits.com/2019/07/19/understanding-docker-container-escapes/

🌟Awesome Docker Security by myugan
https://github.com/myugan/awesome-docker-security

🌟Docker Security Cheat Sheet by OWASP® Foundation
https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Docker_Security_Cheat_Sheet.html

🌟Docker Security Course - Hackersploit
https://hackersploit.org/docker-security-course/

🌟Read Writeups
⭐Hack The Box UltraTech
https://csbygb.gitbook.io/pentips/writeups/thmwriteups/thm-ultratech

⭐Hack the box Toolbox
https://csbygb.gitbook.io/pentips/writeups/htbwriteups/htb-toolbox

⭐Hack the box Shoppy
https://csbygb.gitbook.io/pentips/writeups/htbwriteups/htb-shoppy

⭐Hack the box Mentor
https://csbygb.gitbook.io/pentips/writeups/htbwriteups/htb-mentor 

👉 𝗣𝗥𝗔𝗖𝗧𝗜𝗖𝗘
🌟TryHackMe 
⭐UltraTech Box
https://tryhackme.com/room/ultratech1

⭐Writeup UltraTech
https://csbygb.gitbook.io/pentips/writeups/thmwriteups/thm-ultratech

🌟Root-Me Pro
⭐Docker - I am groot
https://www.root-me.org/fr/Capture-The-Flag/CTF-all-the-day/Docker-I-am-groot?lang=pt&tri_evo=nom&sens_evo=1

⭐Docker - Talk through me
https://www.root-me.org/en/Challenges/App-Script/Docker-Talk-through-me

⭐Supply chain attack - Docker
https://www.root-me.org/en/Challenges/Forensic/Supply-chain-attack-Docker

⭐Docker Layers
https://www.root-me.org/en/Challenges/Forensic/Docker-layers

⭐Docker - Sys-Admin’s Docker
https://www.root-me.org/en/Challenges/App-Script/Docker-Sys-Admin-s-Docker

🌟Damn Vulnerable Docker Container by Julian Scionti
https://gitlab.com/jscionti/damn-vulnerable-docker-container

🌟Docker Host Attacks on attackdefense
https://attackdefense.com/listingnoauth?labtype=container-security-container-host-security&subtype=container-security-container-host-security-host
